{{cookiecutter.project_slug}}/README.md, before:

# FastAPI template

A serverless (AWS lambda) FastAPI template intended to be extended with other microservices using SQS to communicate between services.

# Requirements

This project requires installed on your OS.

- docker and docker-compose
- makefile command
- terraform (version 1.1.1)

# Running locally

To start the project run the command:

`make run`

This will build a lambda compatible docker container running fast api that can be accessed via:

`http://localhost:8888`

It is possible to send events to the lambda worker running the RIE lambda emulator API by running the following command:

`curl -XPOST "http://localhost:9000/2015-03-31/functions/function/invocations" -d '{"Records": [{"body": \"{\"id\": \"test\", \"params\": {}}"}]}'`

Sample json payload:

```
{
  "Records": [
    {
      "messageId": "19dd0b57-b21e-4ac1-bd88-01bbb068cb78",
      "receiptHandle": "MessageReceiptHandle",
      "body": {
          "id": "test",
          "params": {}
      },
      "attributes": {
        "ApproximateReceiveCount": "1",
        "SentTimestamp": "1523232000000",
        "SenderId": "123456789012",
        "ApproximateFirstReceiveTimestamp": "1523232000001"
      },
      "messageAttributes": {},
      "md5OfBody": "{md5_of_body}",
      "eventSource": "aws:sqs",
      "eventSourceARN": "arn:aws:sqs:us-east-1:123456789012:MyQueue",
      "awsRegion": "us-east-1"
    }
  ]
}
```

# Deploying to AWS

Here is a diagram showing how this projects looks in AWS.

![](./docs/infra.png)

Deployment is done when we merge a branch into main on github and the following is orchestrated through the .circleci/config.yml. Before the pipeline will work we require some inital pipeline setup.

Before running any of the below add AWS credentials via terraform ENV Vars:

export TF_VAR_aws_access_key=""
export TF_VAR_aws_secret_key=""

These will also need to be added to our circleci pipeline for the automated pipeline to work correctly.

### Create pipeline

First we need to create infra for pipeline and to push a docker image this is done: 

`AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=eu-west-1 environment=staging make init_pipeline`
`AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=eu-west-1 environment=staging make apply_pipeline`

This is will create our ECR repo we need to push an image to, the automated pipeline should work from this point on.

## Build image

From the root repo directory run:

`AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=eu-west-1 environment=staging make build push`

This will build an image, tag it and push it to the ECR repository. This will use the aws credentials created by aws CLI stored in ~/.aws/credentials. 

## Deploying image

Get the docker tag from the previous build push command, then inside infra/ folder run:

`AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=eu-west-1 environment=staging make init`
`AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=eu-west-1 environment=staging docker_tag=<docker_tag> make plan`
`AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=eu-west-1 environment=staging docker_tag=<docker_tag> make apply`

This will prepare and build a staging environment for this project, to destroy the environment run:

`AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=eu-west-1 environment=staging make destroy`

To create a different environment run:

`AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=eu-west-1 environment=test make init`
`AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=eu-west-1 environment=test docker_tag=<docker_tag> make plan`
`AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=eu-west-1 environment=test docker_tag=<docker_tag> make apply`

# Domain Driven Development

The structure of this project is based on a DDD programming technique "Hexagonal architecture" as described here:
https://medium.com/ssense-tech/hexagonal-architecture-there-are-always-two-sides-to-every-story-bc0780ed7d9c

The goal is to avoid coupling logic so that it can be re-used across projects.

Commit message:

Adding a change to test cruft

{{cookiecutter.project_slug}}/README.md, after:

# FastAPI template

A serverless (AWS lambda) FastAPI template intended to be extended with other microservices using SQS to communicate between services.

This is a test edit to see how cruft works

# Requirements

This project requires installed on your OS.

- docker and docker-compose
- makefile command
- terraform (version 1.1.1)

# Running locally

To start the project run the command:

`make run`

This will build a lambda compatible docker container running fast api that can be accessed via:

`http://localhost:8888`

It is possible to send events to the lambda worker running the RIE lambda emulator API by running the following command:

`curl -XPOST "http://localhost:9000/2015-03-31/functions/function/invocations" -d '{"Records": [{"body": \"{\"id\": \"test\", \"params\": {}}"}]}'`

Sample json payload:

```
{
  "Records": [
    {
      "messageId": "19dd0b57-b21e-4ac1-bd88-01bbb068cb78",
      "receiptHandle": "MessageReceiptHandle",
      "body": {
          "id": "test",
          "params": {}
      },
      "attributes": {
        "ApproximateReceiveCount": "1",
        "SentTimestamp": "1523232000000",
        "SenderId": "123456789012",
        "ApproximateFirstReceiveTimestamp": "1523232000001"
      },
      "messageAttributes": {},
      "md5OfBody": "{md5_of_body}",
      "eventSource": "aws:sqs",
      "eventSourceARN": "arn:aws:sqs:us-east-1:123456789012:MyQueue",
      "awsRegion": "us-east-1"
    }
  ]
}
```

# Deploying to AWS

Here is a diagram showing how this projects looks in AWS.

![](./docs/infra.png)

Deployment is done when we merge a branch into main on github and the following is orchestrated through the .circleci/config.yml. Before the pipeline will work we require some inital pipeline setup.

Before running any of the below add AWS credentials via terraform ENV Vars:

export TF_VAR_aws_access_key=""
export TF_VAR_aws_secret_key=""

These will also need to be added to our circleci pipeline for the automated pipeline to work correctly.

### Create pipeline

First we need to create infra for pipeline and to push a docker image this is done: 

`AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=eu-west-1 environment=staging make init_pipeline`
`AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=eu-west-1 environment=staging make apply_pipeline`

This is will create our ECR repo we need to push an image to, the automated pipeline should work from this point on.

## Build image

From the root repo directory run:

`AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=eu-west-1 environment=staging make build push`

This will build an image, tag it and push it to the ECR repository. This will use the aws credentials created by aws CLI stored in ~/.aws/credentials. 

## Deploying image

Get the docker tag from the previous build push command, then inside infra/ folder run:

`AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=eu-west-1 environment=staging make init`
`AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=eu-west-1 environment=staging docker_tag=<docker_tag> make plan`
`AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=eu-west-1 environment=staging docker_tag=<docker_tag> make apply`

This will prepare and build a staging environment for this project, to destroy the environment run:

`AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=eu-west-1 environment=staging make destroy`

To create a different environment run:

`AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=eu-west-1 environment=test make init`
`AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=eu-west-1 environment=test docker_tag=<docker_tag> make plan`
`AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=eu-west-1 environment=test docker_tag=<docker_tag> make apply`

# Domain Driven Development

The structure of this project is based on a DDD programming technique "Hexagonal architecture" as described here:
https://medium.com/ssense-tech/hexagonal-architecture-there-are-always-two-sides-to-every-story-bc0780ed7d9c

The goal is to avoid coupling logic so that it can be re-used across projects.
